Allow SpendValidatingKey to be constructed from bytes (#428)
zcash/orchard: CHANGELOG.md

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### added
- Added `SpendValidatingKey` serialization and deserialization from bytes

> visibility under the `FROST` feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with visibility under the "frost" feature.
```

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> ### added
> - Added [Visibility crate](https://crates.io/crates/visibility) to modify
> visibility of methods and struct for the `unstable-frost` feature.
> - Added `SpendValidatingKey` serialization and deserialization from bytes
> visibility under the `unstable-frost` feature
>   - `orchard::keys::SpendValidatingKey`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Added
- `orchard::keys::SpendValidatingKey::{from_bytes, to_bytes}` behind the
  `unstable-frost` feature flag. These are temporary APIs exposed for development
  purposes, and will be replaced by type-safe FROST APIs once ZIP 312 key
  generation is specified (https://github.com/zcash/zips/pull/883).
```

(there is no need to mention the `visibility` crate, as it is an internal implementation detail)
